I'll go over there and have a look. Nothing over there.
Didn't you say before that after inspection, you didn't believe there was no bomb?
Could it be that the bomb was in the car?
Not likely. Just blow it up so big.
At least seven kilograms of online explosives are required.
Passengers carry small bags with their shoes.
It shouldn't be in the car. What if it was a professional bomb.
Professional ones are unlikely. Professionals require four kilograms online.
Not in the car either. That's assuming the bomb isn't in the car.
It's outside. Tell me,
Buy it in advance outside. If purchased in advance.
That explosion should have come from bottom to top.
Does it look like the place just now?
Do you still remember?
There is a man on the outside to my left
You have been holding a big cake
I recalled it
Very nervous expression
Always holding a big cake
Could it be that he really is?
There is obviously air next to him
Why are you holding him?
This is the strangest thing
Could it be that the hands belong to that big cake?